feat: Do not merge version when live version is more recent (#10871)
shopware/platform: changelog/_unreleased/2025-06-27-improve-version-timestamp-checking.md

---
title: Improve version timestamp checking

> issue: NEXT-00000

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

author: Jasper Peeters
author_email: jasper.peeters@meteor.be
author_github: JasperP98
---

# Core

> * Changed: Added a merge block (`Shopware\Core\Framework\DataAbstractionLayer\VersionManager::checkVersionTimestamps`) when a version is trying to merge that is older than the live version

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added a merge block (`Shopware\Core\Framework\DataAbstractionLayer\VersionManager::checkVersionTimestamps`) when a version is trying to be merged that is older than the live version
```
